you can see here just just I just I just
watch this I mean if I want to see how
much wider that is this is 4k in front
[Music]
hey I don't know my name is Sara deechi
I just got back from the DJI event here
in New York City where they announced a
brand new the JI at Mavic Pro it will be
available for pre-order September 27th
shipping October 15th and in stores
November 2nd starting at the price of
seven hundred and forty nine dollars in
the full bundle will be for 1299
recently GoPro released their first
drone Karma that will be available
October 23rd for seven hundred and
ninety nine dollars it uses the new
GoPro 5 also compatible with the GoPro 4
to capture the footage and can easily be
transformed into a gimbal to capture
smooth footage separate from the drone
karma folds down to a very thin profile
but the new DJI Mavic is even smaller
the DJI method that folds down into a
size comparable to a water bottle and
features modes like portrait mode tripod
mode and sports mode where you can fly
the drone up to 40 miles an hour
Wow max flight time is approximately 27
minutes and has precision landing so it
will land exactly where you take off it
shakes in true 4k at 30 frames per
second shoots 12 megapixel stills and
has a 78 degree field of view active
Trek follows a person car or pet
automatically and gesture allows you to
take a selfie with one simple motion
like literally you just go to the drone
and go like that and it takes a picture
of you the future is now oh and they
announced DJI goggles where you can
monitor what you're shooting with to
1080 LTPS screens so I just I wonder
about latency definitely like big
plastic the control is very user
friendly it's a familiar feel if you
ever have picked up a video game
controller
what sure do you want which one will you
be buying I'm intrigued by the GoPro
Karma but the DJ I'm Avex size it is
better for me I really appreciate the
ease of portability some differences to
think about the controllers
repairing your drum if you crash your
Mavic you might just have to buy an
entirely new $800 drum size the Go Pro
is a little bit bigger but is the
detachable gimble worth it's the
software the software is literally what
makes or breaks these things DJI has
been in this game for a long time and
their drums just work which one are you
going to get you need to tell me down in
the comments section below fight with
people if you like hearing this
conversation onto Twitter you can find
me on there
use the hashtag Mavic verse karma let me
know if you like this video you have not
yet subscribed down below i've vlog i
make shows like docu-series some fancy
stuff you can check out my channel thank
you for tuning in have a great day and
yay drones
[Music]
lock it
I'd argue with you